In `daf-mic-level-test`, we played constant amplitude 160 Hz tones from the stimulus presentation computer out of over-ear headphones. The voltage driving the headphones was recorded in the file, but since the headphones are the same as the earphones used in the experiment, this measurement should _not_ be used for a headphone check. Rather, we measured the sound pressure output by the headphones using a sound level meter to get a "ground truth" intensity of the recorded sound, which is meant to be compared to the intensity of the microphone audio channel recorded via StimTrak (placed between the microphone preamp and the control computer's sound card) to derive an appropriate conversion factor. The ground truth intensity, as read off from the level meter is 91.2 dBA when the tone is playing and 41.4 dBA with no tone (a.k.a. ambient noise).

In the actual experiment, there isn't a microphone audio channel as in `daf-mic-level-test` -- only an audio channel that records the driving voltage for the subject's insert earphones, which has been passed from the mic through the control computer with a delay. So we need to compute an intensity conversion factor between the intensity of the recorded and playback audio (passthrough gain). This gain can be adjusted (relatively) in the experiment control software, but we need to measure it empirically to know the real (absolute) gain. So, in `daf-passthrough-gain-test`, we play hit song _Disco Hippo_ by Caspar Babypants into the microphone while audio is passed through the control computer to some headphones using the same gain settings as used in the experiment. Both the voltage output of the microphone preamp and the voltage input to the headphones are recorded using StimTraks. These measurements, in combination with `daf-mic-level-test`, can be used to compute the conversion factor between the intensity of the subjects' actual, spoken voices (heard from the tip of the microphone) and the playback audio channel included in the EEG files.

We've previously measured the passthrough latency (including phase delay from the sound card's bandpass filter) to be just over 4 milliseconds, but this can in principle be recomputed from `daf-passthrough-gain-test` by cross-correlating the two channels.
